Question 1: What authentication scheme is used by default in Django Rest Framework's browsable API? How is this managed?
BasicAuthentication and SessionAuthentication. 
Token Authentication is stateless. When the user logs in, an encrypted token with an expiry date is stored as a cookie, which is used to authenticate requests.
With Basic Authentication, there is neither a cookie nor a session involved. The browser remembers the username and password, but is still required for every request made.

Reference: https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/81756/session-authentication-vs-token-authentication

Question 2: What authentication scheme is used by httpie when querying with the -a or --auth option flag?
The authentication scheme used in this case is Django's Basic Authentication because of the username and password that are provided.

Question 3: What is the difference between Session Authentication and Token Authentication? How is Token Authentication an improvement over Basic Authentication?
Session Authentication is stateful. When the user logs in, their session is stored in a database, and a session id is stored as a cookie.
Token Authentication is stateless. When the user logs in, an encrypted token with an expiry date is stored as a cookie, which is used to authenticate requests.
With Basic Authentication, there is neither a cookie nor a session involved. The browser remembers the username and password, but is still required for every request made.

Token auth is better than session auth because there's no need for the server to keep track of sessions. It may also be better in terms of security.
Token auth is better than basic auth because there's no need to provide username and password for each request.

Reference: https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/81756/session-authentication-vs-token-authentication


http POST http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/snippets/ Authorization:Token\ c19be059f0aaf5bb8ea20806539ff5113953977b code="print('Token works')"

Question 4: Provide a high level summary of what happens during an OAuth2 authentication flow. For instance: bitbucket.org > Log In > Log in with Google. What happens when I click "Log in with Google"?
1. The user (app client) asks Google for Authorization
2. Google grants Authorization
3. The user (app client) uses the Google Authorization to get an authentication token to use for bitbucket
4. bitbucket sends back an authentication token
5. The user (app client) uses the bitbucket authentication token to access stuff on bitbucket
6. bitbucket sends the stuff

Reference:
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-oauth-2